Please accept this letter and my attached CV as application for a design post at LEGO. As is apparent, I have extensive experience within the games industry and within other playful industries. I have dedicated my professional career to creating liberating, playful spaces for people to explore. Though the form these spaces have taken has evolved, my commitment to the idea that play can be one of the few truly emancipatory activities has never changed, and it is to creating these spaces that I wish to dedicate the rest of my life.

As to specifics, I have a strong programming and design knowledge and extensive professional experience at games companies and other creators of playful activities. My design experience has a strong theoretical underpinning, and I have an extensive knowledge of the academic aspects of playful mediums. My design experience is not just immaterial however, I have used this theoretical foundation to develop many playful artifacts, both professionally and for my own satisfaction. It is important to note that my experience with playful projects is not confined to digital spaces but rather I have both professional and personal experience working with material projects that utilise electronic components such as Arduino and Raspberry Pi systems. As far as digital tools facilitating this type of development, I have extensive programming knowledge and experience with both the Unity and Unreal game engines.

My experience with the medium of play is therefore obviously very diverse, and I have further experience developing escape rooms for both adults and children, online scavenger hunts played over text and email as well as real-world trail games. Recently I have taken all this experience and started to teach game design at both a undergraduate and postgraduate level, this has been incredibly rewarding as I get a chance to promote and create experimental playful experiences with my students.

Away from the obvious, front facing, aspects of the job, I also have experience with everything that makes projects run smoothly (or perhaps just less rough). This means experience with version control systems such as Git and Perforce, agile and waterfall development, and project management systems such as JIRA. 

Speaking to my personal skills, I am a hard-working employee, who is always willing to go the extra mile if it results in a better play experience or a better work experience for my colleagues. I put this down to the passion I hold for play, but also the fact that I sincerely enjoy this kind of development and challenging myself to learn new, relevant skills.

Thank you for taking the time to consider this application, and I look forward to hearing from you in the near future.